OK,
guys,
Now here's another question that I get asked An awful loss on that is can you do a V look
up using a partial match or a fuzzy V look up by any other name?
And the answer is,
you can most definitely.
So again,
we're using the same data base that we used in the last section the same day to set.
And again what we're going to be doing is looking at the car registration,
and we want to pull the full name of the person who owns that particular car.
So again,
I'm just going to start by copying that data and pacing in there.
So we actually have something to look at on what we want to return.
Here is the name of the person who who owns that particular car.
So for now,
I'm just going to write a dead,
straightforward V look up to do just that.
So we're just gonna say equals V.
Look up from rackets.
Oops,
a daisy While we don't that V look up.
Look at that F four absolute cell reference comma.
Our first column of data contains the registration,
so she's going to highlight that make sure that's the first column on.
I want to return the full name of the person whose car that is.
So it's 12345 columns across comment five.
And I want an exact match.
False enter.
So they go,
we can see there.
X l 03 double o inch belongs to look at Lee.
But imagine the scenario.
Someone's on the phone to you and they say someone is blocking me in.
I can't remember the full car registration,
but I know it ends in m w.
The So if we talk to him wv in here,
we can see that our formula will era even though we have a value in here that says M w V
somewhere in it,
it's not enough to make this value return an exact match again.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna modify this V look up area just here.
So what we're gonna do in front of RV look up is we're gonna type quotes,
multiplication sign and quotes,
and that is the wildcard character.
So there was going to look for is any character in front of RV look up value?
Then we're gonna add on M percent because we wanted to join ups.
And there we have a wildcard character that is any value in front of over.
You look up and we want to do the same thing after every look up.
So gambling in a 1% open quotes wildcard character,
which is the multiplication symbol.
Close quotes on hit Enter.
So they go.
We can know,
just type in M W V on looking down our table,
the car registration with ends of UV And it does indeed belong to William Turner.
So someone's on the phone and they said,
You know what?
I can't remember the entire registration,
but I know it's got 65.
Jane,
you can just hope 65 j Hey,
center.
And there you go.
If we look down here,
we can see that 65 j appears in this one.
And that car belongs to Connor Phillips.
And it'll work for anything we could say.
Actually,
it's,
I know it starts with Y G.
So why G belongs to Toby Richardson,
which we can see here is exactly correct.
Or we could say the last really is N N.
Zed.
In that case,
that belongs to image in Ross.
Which is that lady just there?
So there you go.
That's Hey,
you do Fuzzy V lookups.
Okay,
See you in the next lecture.